PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_get_raci/README.md

Device Security RACI model script

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 5.5.0 |

> This script is using the device and incident attributes to evaluate the Responsible (R) and Informed (I) parties in the RACI model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script uses the device and incident attributes to evaluate the Responsible (R) and Informed (I) parties in the RACI model.
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is now removed, since i generated the README file using demisto generate-docs command. This content is included in Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_get_raci/device_security_get_raci_description.md file.

> A list variable needs to be created with a fixed format JSON. You can create a new XSOAR list variable under Settings > Advanced > Lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list variable needs to be created with a fixed format JSON. You can create a new Cortex XSOAR list variable under Settings > Advanced > Lists.
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is now removed, since i generated the README file using demisto generate-docs command. This content is included in Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_get_raci/device_security_get_raci_description.md file.

By default, the name of the list variable is DEVICE_SECURITY_CONFIG.

> There are three main sections in the JSON: devices, alerts, and groups.

Reviewer: @sarathk-metron please apply the recommended updates to lines 21-37 from the [device_security_get_raci_description.md](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/44866/changes?file-filters%5B%5D=.yml&file-filters%5B%5D=.md#diff-4740e3e10c36436db50b65152c9672f1232fc0f2eda664e58775065da898d7f4) file

Author: yes, applied the recommended updates to lines 21-37 from the device_security_get_raci_description.md to the README file as well.

            "email": "infosec@example.com"
        },
        "IT_AUDIO_VIDEO": {
            "email": "av@example.com",
            "snow": {
                "table": "incident",
                "fields": {
                    "assignment_group": "98dae8874fd67348bf547fe24210c7a0"
                },
                "custom_fields": {
                    "u_custom_field1": "IT",
                    "u_category": "05b9e5371b3b08905f28fc43cd4bcbe2"
                }
            }
        },
        "PHYSICAL_SECURITY": {
            "email": "security@example.com"
        }
    }
}
```

## Used In

---
This script is used in the following playbooks and scripts.

- PANW Device Security Incident Handling with ServiceNow

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| alert_name | The name of the Device Security alert. |
| raw_type | The raw type of the incident. |
| category | The device category. |
| profile | The device profile. |
| vendor | The device vendor. |
| model | The device model. |
| device_security_config_list_name | The variable name for DEVICE_SECURITY\_CONFIG. |

## Outputs

---

| **Path** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI | The RACI model of the DeviceSecurity incident | unknown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI | The RACI model of the DeviceSecurity incident. | unknown |
```

Author: yes, updated it

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r | The responsible in the RACI model | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r | The responsible party in the RACI model. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now.

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_email | The email of responsible in the RACI model | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_email | The email of the responsible party in the RACI model | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.i | The informed in the RACI model | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.i | The informed party in the RACI model. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.i_email | The emails of informed in the RACI model delimited by comma | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.i_email | A comma-separated list of the informed party emails in the RACI model. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.owner | The DeviceSecurity owner of the device | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.owner | The DeviceSecurity owner of the devices | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow | The ServiceNow information of the incident responsible | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow | The ServiceNow information of the incident responsible party. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.fields | The fields of the ServiceNow ticket | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.fields | The fields of the ServiceNow ticket. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.custom_fields | The custom fields of the ServiceNow ticket | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.custom_fields | The custom fields of the ServiceNow ticket. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.table | The table of the ServiceNow ticket | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI.r_snow.table | The table of the ServiceNow ticket. | string |
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command

> Device Security RACI model script.

Author: Yes, updated to Calculates the responsible and informed parties for a Device Security incident by matching incident and device details against the Device Security configuration list.

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 6.10.0 |

## Used In

---
This script is used in the following playbooks and scripts.

* PANW Device Security Incident Handling with ServiceNow

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| incident_name | The name of the Device Security incident. |
| raw_type | The raw type of the incident. |
| category | The device category. |
| profile | The device profile. |
| vendor | The device vendor. |
| model | The device model. |
| device_security_config_list_name | The variable name for DEVICE_SECURITY_CONFIG. |

## Outputs

---

| **Path** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | PaloAltoNetworksDeviceSecurity.RACI | The RACI model of the Device Security incident. | unknown |

Author: yes, updated to object and added all properties
